Minor cleanups: doc fixes, and clippy suggestions (#1)
tormol/map_in_place: README.md

}
```

## Why all those restrictions?
The Rust allocation interface is a bit more complex than the standard C one of
`malloc(size_t)` and `free(void*)`:

> First, `malloc` and `free` takes the alignment of the types you want to store,

Reviewer: Now that std::alloc exists we can use std's names for the functions.
```suggestion
First, `alloc()` and `dealloc()` takes both the size and the alignment of the types you want to store,
```
